# 3D Scene

**_How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?_**

I approach designing software by breaking it down into smaller pieces so it's easier to work with. I'll read through the requirements and go step by step to make sure I don't leave anything out but also try not to get overwhelmed. This project has taught me a lot about design since before this I had no experience working with OpenGL or anything similar. Some skills include creating objects, adding color, adding textures and lighting. I started my project by setting the real scene how I wanted it, then coding in the object coordinates so it would be placed where I want it. After that, I added all the other design decisions like textures and lighting. I think working in small sections could be beneficial in the future as it makes it easier to make sure I'm hitting all the requirements that I need to for the project to function correctly.

**_How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?_**

I approach developing programs the same as designing software. I read through the requirements and work my way through in portions, testing a long the way. I usually try to break my code up more so it's not so much in one file under main but I wanted to try to stick to how the tutorials did theirs. I also tried to provide enough comments to make my code easily readable and maintainable shoulkd I need to edit anything. I don't necessarily think this is a new strategy for me but testing. I normally test after finishing a portion but with this project, it was definitely a lot more testing along the way to make sure everything was appearing correctly. Iteration factored into the development of this project a lot. It was constantly going back to the code from week three and improving or expanding on what was the starting point of the project. There was also definitely a lot of coping previous code in order to create new objects, add texture and multiple lights. I wasn't able to actually complete my project as it was having a access violation error but I think my approach evolved to really trying to learn and break down the code provided and how I can expand on it to create my project. It was good practice to getting a chance to see already written code and try to break it down to see what's happening. 

**_How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?_**

Computer science can help me in reaching my goals because I want to go into software engineering or QA testing and computer science provides the knowledge and practice to getting to that goal. I don't see myself really working with graphics in the future after this course but I do think there were some skills that can be applied like learning to understand previously written code and how to expand on it as well as testing more to make sure everything looks the way I want it to. I think this knowledge and skills can be applied to both my educational and professional pathways.
